"blue sky - substance produced by heisenberg what was a mistake last year has been done intentionally this year . ripe cherries are hand - picked and triple washed to remove any floaters and defective beans . cherries are then fermented aerobically for 48 hours in the presence of mixed fruits namely watermelon , pineapple , grape , cherry and papaya . a fruit forward natural coffee that has the tasting notes of watermelon , peach , dried apricot & walnut this coffee . it has a rich and creamy body which makes it an absolute treat across all brewing methods with its versatility . facts : origin : riverdale estate altitude : 1450 masl varietal : sln - 9 & sln - 795 process : mixed fruit fermented naturals feels : tasting notes : watermelon , peach , dried apricot & walnut acidity : malic body : medium - heavy aftertaste : very long roast rite color ( whole bean ) : 64 roast rite color ( ground ) : 75 roast level - medium size - 250 gms free shipping pan india on all coffee . blue sky - mixed naturals - 48 hours"
"savorworks x mooleh manay ! a collaboration that has been in the works for 4 years and it ' s shaping up to be something truly "" phenomenal "" . this year ' s phenom promises an extraordinary experience as we proudly announce our partnership with mooley manay estate , situated near the beautiful backwaters of the harangi reservoir in coorg , karnataka . producers komal and akshay dashrath have masterfully embraced a data - driven approach to farming and coffee processing . their unwavering belief in the pivotal role of data in optimizing agricultural techniques and ensuring the utmost quality in coffee production is truly inspiring . this coffee is a 64 hours yeast inoculated - natural . the process begins with hand - picking ripe coffee cherries and floating them in water . ripe , denser cherries sink , while unripe or damaged ones float and are removed . the coffee is then placed in sealed tanks for a controlled , anaerobic fermentation lasting 64 hours , during which a custom yeast culture is introduced to the coffee . after fermentation , the coffee is transferred to a polyhouse and spread on raised drying beds . it is regularly raked to ensure even drying , which continues until the coffee reaches a specific moisture level ( around 12 - 11% ) . once dry , the coffee is bagged and stored for 2 months before further processing . facts : origin : mooleh manay estate altitude : 1000 masl varietal : sln - 6 process : 64 hours yeast inoculated - natural roast level : medium roast rite color ( whole bean ) : 64 roast rite color ( ground ) : 75 feels : tasting notes : pink guava , orange marmalade , plum and banana . acidity : juicy body : medium aftertaste : very long phenom"
"our second offering from producer series ' 24 marks baarbara estate ' s return to the series . our latest offering is a bright and sharp light roast , processed using the cima yeast . ripe coffee cherries are handpicked and washed in a water stream that courses through the estate . after careful sorting , the cherries are mixed and fermented for 72 hours using the cima yeast which enhances their fruity notes while preserving their delicate character . finally , the cherries are dried on raised beds for a minimum of 20 days until they reach the perfect moisture content . the result is a beautifully vibrant coffee with notes of stewed apple , chamomile , jackfruit , and pomegranate . the aroma invites you in with whispers of berries and dried fruits , while a delightful fruity finish lingers on the palate . as sreeraksha , one of the producers who envisioned and nurtured this lot , puts it , “this year , we wanted a different flavour profile , so we tried the cima yeast . it lowered the intensity but increased the sharpness of the flavours and this change helped us get a much brighter and sharper coffee” . cima yeast fermented natural"
"brew celebrations this festive season with our limited - edition diwali blend , crafted from a carefully selected mix of natural and washed coffees sourced from our partner farms in karnataka and tamil nadu . we chose to roast it medium to highlight a balanced flavour profile that thrives across various festive recipes . with each cup , the rich aroma of dried fruits draws you in . a syrupy mouthfeel unfolds next , revealing notes of dark chocolate , apricots , and dried blueberry . for the finish , an aftertaste of berries and chocolate lingers . the result is a well - rounded cup with medium acidity , body , and sweetness . perfect for gatherings , it delights in versatile forms ranging from a comforting latte to a vibrant coffee cocktail . our roasters suggest brewing it as an espresso , in a moka pot or french press , or as a pour over . diwali blend"
"rich and creamy , this medium dark roast from sampigehoney estate opens with sweet aromas of honey and dried fruits , leading to notes of maple syrup , dark chocolate and black raisins in the cup . we love the syrupy mouthfeel of this coffee that is finished off with a touch of chocolate . pick this one for its smooth chocolatey and nutty flavour profile , much like our coffees from attikan , loyola and baarbara estates . it tastes great as is or with a little bit of milk , and we recommend brewing it using an aeropress , moka pot , french press , channi or as an espresso or a pour over . sampigehoney estate"
"tasting notes lemon zest , grapefruit , melon , brown sugar varietal : sl795 , sl9 roast : light - medium process : yellow honey sun dried origin : tat tvam asi organic estate altitude : 1300 - 1450m yellow claw"
"tasting notes milk chocolate , caramel , orange peel processing washed roast : medium variety various origin : karnataka altitude : 1000 - 1500m house blend"
"tasting notes pineapple | muskmelon | caramel toffee varietal : sl795 , sl9 roast : light - medium fermentation : 48hrs lactobacillus culture process : anaerobic naturals origin : tat tvam asi organic estate altitude : 1300 - 1450m the terroir"
"#4 series - northeastern india | 4 . 2 zunheboto graded washed grapefruit , green grapes with ripe blueberry aftertaste . origin zunheboto , nagaland process graded , pulped & washed varietal & altitude sln 9 grown at 1200 msl characteristics med - heavy body with bright & sparkling acidity . dry aroma red berry , peach & kiwi wet aroma roasted cacao , hazelnut & sweet lime based on sensory evaluation grapefruit , green grapes with ripe blueberry aftertaste . roast profile low drum speed 208°c dropped medium roast with total roast time of 10 mins . minimum resting period filter 7 days | espresso 14 days a song that pairs well suitable for filter brewing methods . roaster thoughts : graded coffees are often lead to a more even roast and also grinds evenly post roasting . to achieve its full potential we followed a approach of roasting this coffee for a minimum of 8 . 30 mins with a extended maillard phase . we took about 12 samples between 8 . 30 and 11 . 30 minutes with variable drum speeds by roasting 2 separate batches and then cupped the coffees . no to our surprise the medium profiles were very flavorful , had bright acidity in them and overall balanced . these exceptional lots are now yours to brew with , experience and enjoy the final cup . know the region : zunheboto is situated in the heart of nagaland at the height of 1313 meters above sea level and known for its natural beauty and the home of the sumi tribe . they have a hard working culture that acumulates with the harvest festival called “tuluni” where they celebrate the fruit of their hard work with their rich culturral heritage , tradition with songs , colourful dance and the exchange of gifts . nagaland zunheboto graded washed ( med profile )"
"#4 series - northeastern india | 4 . 1 nagaland zunheboto naturals gooseberry , sugarcane with hint of banana . origin zunheboto , nagaland process sun - dried naturals characteristics mellow acidity with med body . varietal & altitude cavery grown at 1100 msl dry aroma tamarind & caramel wet aroma brown sugar & roasted cacao based on sensory evaluation gooseberry , sugarcane , jaggery & hint of banana . roast profile 202 - 3°c drop with 15% dtr & overall roast time of 9 mins . minimum resting period filter 7 days a song that pairs well suitable for filter brewing methods . roaster thoughts : natural processed coffees rate higher on a brix meter due to its sugar content and also have a higher moisture percentage comparatively . slow roasting these lots with a lower drum speed and lighter roasts brings out the best . to achieve its full potential we followed a approach of roasting this coffee for a minimum of 8 . 30 mins with a extended maillard phase . we took about 12 samples out between 8 . 30 and 10 . 30 minutes with variable drum speeds by roasting 2 separate batches and then cupped the coffees . no to our surprise the light profiles were very flavorful , had bright acidity in them and overall balanced . these exceptional lots are now yours to brew with , experience and enjoy the final cup . know the region : zunheboto is situated in the heart of nagaland at the height of 1900 meters above sea level and known for its natural beauty and the home of the sumi tribe . they have a hard working culture that acumulates with the harvest festival called “tuluni” where they celebrate the fruit of their hard work with their rich culturral heritage , tradition with songs , colourful dance and the exchange of gifts . nagaland zunheboto naturals ( light profile )"
"rossette has been working closely with the sangameshwar group for past two years , sourcing from gungegiri and karadykan estates . this year , we present a specially processed washed lot from attikan estate . for this lot "" attikan microbial washed "" the coffee cherries undergo controlled fermentation to enhance sugar content , followed by washing and slow drying on raised beds for 16 days . the coffee is roasted to a medium - dark level with a ( 22 - 24% dtr ) and features rich notes of dark chocolate fudge , almond nougat , and raisins , offering a medium body and low acidity , ideal for milk - based drinks . this coffee is recommended to be brewed on espresso as well as manual brewing methods such as mokapot , south indian filter and aeropress . attikan microbial washed"
"presenting our latest medium roast honey process coffee from biligiriranga hills , introducing the popular attikan estate from the house of sangameshwar group . this is a unique microlot where the cherries are pulped and fermented with saccharomyces yeast with mucilage intact followed by extended drying for a period of 16 days on raised beds . the resultant cup offers a unique flavour profile with sparkling acidity and a round body and sweetness . this is an omni roast and is suitable for both espresso and manual brews . attikan yeast fermented honey"
"introducing our very first washed peaberry coffee from our very own baarbara estate , a medium roast that reveals a complex profile with tea forward notes , sweet and syrupy body and a citrus and chocolatey finish . this coffee offers a medium body , medium acidity , and high sweetness . hand - sorted from select coffee cherries , it ' s ideal for aeropress , mokapot , or pourover brewing . best enjoyed black , though a cortado also beautifully complements its unique flavor profile . baarbara peaberry"
"a conventional full bodied washed coffee with overtones of chocolate brownie accompanied with a sweet honey note and a lingering nutty finish . this medium - dark roasted coffee is a sure please for espresso and mokapot brewers who love to consume coffee with milk , or enjoy it black as a french press or aeropress . baarbara washed"
"here ' s our take to offer you something refreshing , introducing dawn , a vibrant cold brew blend which offers a combination of funky yet complex palette with a citrusy long finish . this blend features 3 uniquely processed coffees from our newest partner farm unakki estate , chikmagalur . the coffee starts with balanced notes of chocolate with naturals adding to the fruity and berry notes and complimented by the sweet and citrus notes offered by the black honey coffee . this is sure pleaser for our cold brew fans but also works well across other manual brewing methods . dawn cold brew blend"
"presenting dusk our versatile medium - dark cold brew blend , an amalgamation of two washed coffees which adds the body and chocolatiness and a natural coffee which makes the brew smooth with a malty finish . this blend delivers rich notes of dark chocolate , roasted nuts , and caramel . perfect as a cold brew or espresso , dusk offers a smooth , indulgent coffee experience that ' s sure to satisfy your taste buds . this blend can be consumed with or without milk . dusk cold brew blend"
"this unique arabica blend is an amalgamation of 3 different coffees with 3 distinct processing techniques namely washed , honey and monsooned . the resultant cup is balanced with notes of hazelnut , chocolate , and cane syrup , complemented by a soft finish . equinox offers medium acidity and a medium body , creating a rich and smooth espresso experience that’s perfect for any time of day . equinox"
speciality washed coffee from harley estate has been aged with rum to enhance the inherent fruitiness and bring out the sweet flavours of rum ; raisin . the resultant coffee develops a good body with notes of ripe blueberries with a citrus finish . this coffee has a long lasting finish which shall linger on your palate with a creamy texture . harley rum aged
"the koji processed robusta from kerehaklu estate delivers a smooth yet flavour packed brew which transports you to japan . the cocoa forward brew is complimented by velvety body and sake wine - like acidity and mild spiced finish . enjoy this unique offering as a pourover , mokapot , clever dripper or as a french press . kerehaklu koji naturals"
"our bestseller blend which combines two washed coffees one from baarbara estate and another one from attikan estate roasted to a medium - dark level to offer a fudgy chocolate like coffee with heavy body , minimal acidty and dried fruit overtones . this blend pairs extremely well with milk and is suitable for espresso , mokapot and french press brews . truffle twilight"
"introducing first of this year’s lots from kerehaklu estate . this is an anoxic red honey processed nanolot by pranoy thipaiah which has been sequentially fermented for 66 hrs and only peaberry’s are retained which adds to the round body and sweetness of the cup . experience a delicate tea - like , floral profile with notes of marigold , wild honey , black tea , and mosambi . light roasted to 13% dtr with a shorter maillard phase and a quick roast , this coffee is perfect for brewers who love a floral light roast with plethora of sweetness , a round body and crisp acidity . pro tip : for manual brews such as v60 please use a water temperature of 88ºc . kerehaklu red honey peaberry"
""" melkodige anaerobic naturals "" is a light - medium roasted coffee with an average 15% dtr with notes of raspberry , red apple , and black forest pastry , scoring 85+ on sca standards . it has a medium body and bright malic acidity , ideal for both espresso and filter brews . the anaerobic process , meaning oxygen - deprived , involves fermenting intact coffee cherries in sealed barrels with water for 48 to 72 hours , creating unique flavors . melkodige anaerobic naturals"
"launching a fruity and a funky light roast naturals from our latest partner farm melkodige estate . aveen the producer is known to produce top notch naturals and pushing the boundaries with post - harvest processing , for this lot the ripest sln 9 cherries with brix levels ranging between 20 - 24% were selectively hand - picked . the cherries were then soaked in water to cool them and remove the lighter and single seeded beans . the cherries are then surface dried and then moved into food grade containers to undergo anaerobic fermentation . while dropping the fruits into the container the cherries are inoculated with special cima yeast by using a atomiser . this breaks down the sugars present in the beans into complex compounds called esters which impart a complex aroma and flavor to the beans . if you have previously liked our lots such as dn 29 you will surely love this lot too . the resultant cup is red fruit forward with crisp acidity , big boozy body and a lingering winey finish and is suitable for manual brews such as pourover , french press , chemex and aeropress . melkodige lot 28"
"a method unique to india , where the beans undergo a monsooning process for a duration of 3 months near the malabar coast where they are exposed to the moist monsoon winds to give them a unique flavour profile and in the process the beans swell up and fade resulting in a nutty and earthy coffee with reduced levels of acidity . this coffee is one of the world’s most sought after indian coffees across the world , we have profiled this coffee as a medium roast to highlight the balance and sweetness of the coffee . monsoon malabar is a treat for the fresh press , mokapot and espresso brewers . monsoon malabar aa"
"the second of our koji series is aerobically processed naturals from ratnagiri estate , where the koji spores have been inoculated onto sanitized cherries in aerobic condition and then dried carefully for an extended period on raised beds . the resultant coffee has been roasted light to get a juicy and sweet brew . the cup offers a vibrant malic acidity coming from the berries and apples complimented by a jammy and dried fruit body with a lingering finish . this coffee is best enjoyed as a pourover , aeropress or as an espresso ratnagiri koji naturals"
"being an experimental roastery , we at rossette continue to profile our upcoming launches and in this process we do a couple of roast until we arrive at the final profile . although the trial roasts are still delicious thanks to our partner farms who meticulously process these coffees . the aim to launch rotational trial roast is our effort to offer a selection of our coffees at a 30% discount rate this way we can share these amazing coffees with you rather than not been able to utilise or self consume those coffee ' s ps : all coffee are cupped and quality checked by our roasting them and then only offered to our patrons . *none of the offers or promotions will be valid on this coffee rotational trial roast ( melkodige traditional naturals )"
"this coffee is a naturally processed canephora varietal , hand - picked and dried under direct sunlight on the drying yard for 12 - 14 days until the moisture is about 11% . you can enjoy this super buttery cup with a biscuity mouthfeel with very little harshness ( very tough to find in a robusta ) and a long caramel aftertaste which lingers on . this coffee is sure pleaser for the moka pot and espresso fans . thogarihunkal robusta naturals a"
"introducing our new thogarihunkal washed a . this sln 5b micro - lot is exclusively processed for rossette coffee lab with rich chocolate - forward notes , elegantly complemented by a velvety , creamy body that enrobes your senses . as you take a sip , a delightful hint of juicy red apple tinkles on your taste buds , adding a touch of refreshing element to the cup . this is a sweet and tea like cup which is a everyday coffee suitable for various brewing methods such as espresso , french press , mokapot , aeropress . thogarihunkal washed a"
"introducing unakki clean washed , one of the sweetest washed coffees in our 2024 portfolio . this standout washed coffee from chikmagalur has pronounced florality for a washed coffee which is reminiscent of many international origin coffees especially from ethiopia . scoring 83+ on sca standards , it offers notes of white florals combined with jasmine tea , sweet notes of dried apricot and orange marmalade . profile roasted to a medium level ( 18 - 20% dtr ) , it’s ideal for both espresso manual brew lovers . brew with a higher coffee - to - water ratio for best results . unakki clean washed"
"for the people who like their coffee strong , here’s presenting our vienna roast which is the darkest of our standard roasts meant for the people who want the strong kick in their morning cup . pairs beautifully with milk and best suited to be brewed on a french press , mokapot , espresso machine or a south indian filter . vienna roast"
