free 250 g hazelnut coffee - buy any 500 g coffee free 250 g hazelnut coffee - buy any 500 g coffee
desi ' rich taste ' blend if you prefer coffee with splash of milk and feel 100% coffee is too light then choose this variant ( 80% coffee - 20% chicory ) to experience premium rich taste in your ' cup of coffee ' . specialty : rich taste desi ' rich taste ' blend
free 250 g black pepper - buy any 500 g coffee free 250 g black pepper - buy any 500 g coffee
desi ' extreme strong ' blend if you prefer coffee with splash of milk and feel 100% coffee is too light then choose this variant ( 85% coffee - 15% chicory ) for extremely strong ( slightly bitter ) cup of coffee . specialty : strength desi ' extreme strong ' blend
"breakfast roast coffee coffee notes ( not flavours ) : hazelnut , nutty , plum . product is 100% arabica coffee direct from our farm ( no chicory ) . this variant is part of our mission to introduce consumers to pure coffee . breakfast roast is most popular coffee variant in our shelf . made with handpicked arabica a coffee beans from our farm . roast level of this coffee variant is such that it retains original flavors and also builds on deep caramel sweetness . arabica coffee beans from estate : kalyancool estate estate ( single estate ) grown amidst western ghat hills in chikmagalur along with pepper and areca plantations is best fit for your morning cup . breakfast roast coffee"
cappuccino blend cappuccino blend
"christmas roast christmas roast : our ' christmas roast ' profile sits in - between our conventional medium roast and dark roast profiles . roast suppresses excessive citrus notes of light and medium roasts but also avoids conventional bitter notes of dark roasts . medium - high body and rich aroma of raisin and caramel . tasting notes : dark chocolate , roasted almonds . processing : wash processed varietal : 100% arabica . grade a . selection 795 location : chikmagalur elevation : 1 , 300 m roast level : medium - dark christmas roast"
free 250 g vanilla coffee - buy any 500 g coffee free 250 g vanilla coffee - buy any 500 g coffee
farmer ' s filter coffee farmer ' s original filter coffee : we always wanted to have a blend developed in - house with balanced/unique flavor notes . after continuous experiments and cupping for two years we believe this variant is ready for launch . ' rich taste ' would generally result in milder cup of coffee compromising strength . if strength is given preference flavor notes are compromised and bitter notes would be predominant flavor . we wanted to create a blend to our customers which is rich in taste but strength intact ( also bitter notes suppressed ) . after continuous experiments we realized just blending process in any ratio would not give desired output . we developed in - house processing technique and subjected coffee to special fermentation technique to have sweeter notes . but we also needed slight bitter notes for strength . hence robusta beans were chosen over arabica . aa graded large beans used consistency . medium plus roast profile was selected . ground coffee blended with chicory . its our favorite filter coffee . farmer ' s filter coffee
"free mug - gift box - pour over sachets - no filter required coffee freshy roasted and packed in sachets on the day of dispatch . ( unlike other roasters ) . multiple roast levels available to meet your taste preference . no filter required . now brew our freshly roasted coffee as fast as instant coffee with flavor and aroma superior to regular instant coffee . ready in 2 minutes . we grow coffee , we process , we roast and we serve customers directly . ( no middleman ) 100% coffee 2 cups per bag from chikmagalur ( our own estate ) no preservative free mug - gift box - pour over sachets - no filter required"
"french roast coffee notes : bold , bitter , intense , strong , cocoa . product is 100% arabica coffee direct from our farm ( no chicory ) . this variant is part of our mission to introduce consumers to pure coffee . this is our limited edition variant and will be available until stock lasts . french roast is our darkest roast variant . coffee is roasted till the end of second crack . anyone looking for coffee which is really bold can go for this . if you taste it , you will not forget it . french roast coffee"
"frozen cherry - nanolot the frozen cherry ! post harvest coffee cherries are subjected to freezing temperature . this results in development of amazing natural sweetness . priced 25% lower than other roasters who launched frozen cherry this year . recommended for black coffee . best enjoyed black . 15 grams for 250 ml hot water . roasted for subtle tasting notes . one of the top quality nanolot produced by us this year . tasting notes : apricot , juicy mango , mixed berries , rainer cherries frozen cherry - nanolot"
"hazelnut coffee - mocha 100% arabica coffee blended with hazelnut . very bold , chocolaty & nutty ! hazelnut coffee - mocha"
"intenso yeast fermented coffee the intenso ! priced 25% lower than other roasters who launched the intenso this year . recommended for black coffee . best enjoyed black . 15 grams for 250 ml hot water . roasted for subtle tasting notes . not too dominant/distracting tasting notes , like you observed in other roasters for this nanolot 😜 produced in - house . one of the top quality nanolot produced by us this year . direct from farm . tasting notes : plum , pineapple , honey , pomegranate , candied fruit intenso yeast fermented coffee"
"kaapi an authentic blend of robusta coffee 70% and chicory 30% makes a strong coffee . freshly roasted and dispatched . recommended for ' coffee with milk ' . usp : freshly roasted , grade a wash processed single estate robusta blended with chicory . variant of coffee designed to have same cost as regular coffee available in next door grocery store but twice the amount of aroma , flavour and strength . 1 . freshly roasted upon order : most compounds in coffee responsible for flavour and aroma are susceptible to oxidation . ideally coffee has to used within 30 days from roast date . 2 . single estate wash processed robusta beans of uniform size : consistent and uniform roast can be achieved only if beans are graded to similar size , have same moisture content . factors like ripeness of coffee , time gap between pulping and harvest , size of beans also play vital role . simple process like segregating ripened cherries during harvest adds value . in summary we wanted to take farm to cup approach and take complete control on quality of coffee to provide better experience at same cost . we could take this approach as we grow coffee that we sell . ( no middleman involved ) . process : washed roast level : dark note : this coffee is not recommended for black coffee . its designed for ' coffee with milk ' . kaapi"
"madhura madhura : pure robusta coffee slow roasted to attain balanced smooth taste with reduced bitter notes . notes : chocolaty , heavy body no chicory . processing : wash processed varietal : 100% robusta . grade a . congensis x robusta c x r location : chikmagalur elevation : 1 , 100 m roast level : medium plus madhura"
microlot coffee trio - 15% off enjoy 3 processing ' s and their respective exotic tasting notes in one combo at 20% off . top selling microlots of last 365 days . total = 750 grams microlot coffee trio - 15% off
microlot estate : kalyancool estate naturals microlot kalyancool naturals
"prabal prabal : pure coffee dark roasted to be naturally strong , bold with intense aroma . rich crema ! notes : strong , bitter , intense , heavy body . no chicory . processing : wash processed varietal : 100% robusta . grade a . congensis x robusta c x r location : chikmagalur elevation : 1 , 100 m roast level : dark . prabal"
"peach bomb coffee - naturals peach bomb - naturals estate name = estate : kalyancool estate . location : chikmagalur , karnataka block : kallina patte . varietal : s795 processing : naturals . hand sorted ripened coffee fruits dried on raised beds in shade . available in 2 roast profiles . light plus ( for black ) , medium plus ( for black or with dash of milk ) tasting notes : floral , peach , keylime , bergamot , product pic credit : mr ram . id : koffee_n_klicks peach bomb coffee - naturals"
"ratnagiri estate - rm3 lot - naturals - anaerobic fermentation ratnagiri estate - rm3 lot estate name = ratnagiri estate . location : chikmagalur , karnataka brix : 24 . 8 block : nadathundu patte . varietal : chandragiri processing : lactic fermented naturals ( anaerobic fermentation lbc bacteria for 60 hours ) product pic credit : mr ram . id : koffee_n_klicks recommended for black coffee . best enjoyed black . 15 grams for 250 ml hot water . roasted for subtle tasting notes . one of the top quality nanolot produced by the estate . tasting notes : raspberry , strawberry , bubble gum , cherry , candy , jam ratnagiri estate - rm3 lot - naturals - anaerobic fermentation"
sampler box ( 75gm * 6 variants ) confused choosing right variant of coffee ? sampler box is designed for you . our sampler box contains 6 unique variants . sampler box is right option to start with if you are making your first purchase with us . grind size of coffee can also be chosen to meet requirement of your brewing equipment/filter . sampler box ( 75gm * 6 variants )
"sweet roast coffee coffee tasting notes ( not flavours ) : clean , citrus , pleasant , short aftertaste product is 100% arabica coffee direct from our farm . this variant is part of our mission to introduce consumers to pure coffee . ( cinnamon roast ) light roasted coffee is the reward for hardwork by speciality coffee roasters all around the world . this variant of coffee which cannot be produced by low quality coffee beans . light roasted coffee bean retains its origin flavours . unique characteristics of coffee is retained ( which will be lost as roast level increases ) . only a graded arabica coffee beans is used to make this roast . sweet roast coffee"
"traditional blend coffee coffee notes : bitter , strong , peanutty . product is strong blend of 80% arabica coffee and 20% robusta coffee ( no chicory ) . t his variant is part of our mission to introduce consumers to pure coffee . traditional blend coffee variant is preferred by coffee connoisseurs who are looking for strong dark roasted pure coffee . arabica coffee adds richness to taste and robusta coffee provides strong body ( strength ) . hence this variant provides perfect balance for someone who are looking for strong traditional coffee without chicory . traditional blend coffee"
vanilla coffee 100% arabica coffee blended with french vanilla . pure bliss ! vanilla coffee
"vienna roast coffee coffee notes : nutty , oaky , spice . roast level : dark roast . product is 100% arabica coffee direct from our farm ( no chicory ) . this variant is part of our mission to introduce consumers to pure coffee . vienna roast coffee variant is loved by people who want single tone uniformity . made with handpicked arabica a coffee beans from our farm estate : kalyancool estate estate . roast level of this coffee reduces acidity and brings out flavors of coffee that may remain hidden in lower roast levels . vienna roast coffee"
"wild hsd coffee - ( from estate space dominated by pepper creepers ) ﻿ tasting notes : roasted almonds , bitter sweet , hint of jackfruit processing : honey sundried varietal : 100% arabica . grade a . selection 795/kaveri location : chikmagalur elevation : 1 , 300 m roast level : medium . wild hsd coffee - ( from estate space dominated by pepper creepers )"
